Gainsight releasenotes (#358)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/announcements-10-18-0.md

#### Planned

##### Deprecating @c8y/cli in favor of @angular/cli

> To improve our tooling and align closer to the Angular standard, we will deprecate @c8y/cli and the `c8ycli` command in a future version. Instead, users must install the standard CLI from Angular (@angular/cli) and start the application via `ng` command. The Web SDK can then simply be added to the Angular CLI by running the command `ng add @c8y/websdk`. A detailed description on how you can update your existing application will be added to  the Web SDK documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve our tooling and align closer to the Angular standard, we will deprecate @c8y/cli and the `c8ycli` command in a future version. Instead, users must install the standard CLI from Angular (@angular/cli) and start the application via `ng` command. The Web SDK can then simply be added to the Angular CLI by running the command `ng add @c8y/websdk`. A detailed description on how you can update your existing application will be added to the Web SDK documentation.
```

#### Implemented

##### Changes in Gainsight tracking

> In efforts to get more insights from our users, we enable tracking for every user that has agreed or rejected the cookie and policy banner. In case of rejection, the user will be tracked without any personal identifiable information (pii) like e-mail, name or IP address. Not tracked are still users that haven't been shown a cookie/policy banner or users that are using dedicated instances without any Gainsight API key set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In efforts to get more insights into the user behavior, we enable tracking for every user that has agreed or rejected the cookie policy. In case of rejection, the user will be tracked without any personal identifiable information (pii) like email address, name or IP address. We still do not track users that haven't been shown a cookie/policy banner or users that are using dedicated instances without any Gainsight API key set.
```

> In efforts to get more insights into the user behavior, we enable tracking for every user that has agreed or rejected the cookie policy. In case of rejection, the user will be tracked without any personal identifiable information (pii) like email address, name or IP address. We still do not track users that haven't been shown a cookie/policy banner or users that are using dedicated instances without any Gainsight API key set.

Author: @BeateRixen customers can disable the cookie banner in the settings and then no policy is shown. This is mostly done by customers, that somehow have their own policy. As we don't know this policy, we should not track anyone.

> Gainsight additionally brings so called in app engagements. This are pop-ups or similar that try to interact with the end-user and collect feedback. If a custom branding is applied, this engagements are never shown to the end-user even if he is tracked.

Reviewer 2: "this engagements are never shown to the end-user even if he is tracked." They're set to false by default (for new users), but user can enable them.

> Gainsight additionally brings so called "in app engagements". This are pop-ups or similar that try to interact with the end-user and collect feedback. If a custom branding is applied, this engagements are disabled by default and a user can enable them if wanted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gainsight additionally brings so called "in app engagements". This are pop-ups or similar that try to interact with the end-user and collect feedback. If a custom branding is applied, this engagements are disabled by default and a user can enable them if wanted.
```
```suggestion
In addition, Gainsight adds "in app engagements". These are pop-ups or similar that try to interact with the user and collect feedback. If a custom branding is applied, this engagements are disabled by default and a user can enable them.
```
